hello very good everyone I'm imp and
I bring you a new trick of great missed
5 online in update 1.08 and it's
to be able to go back to the northern city
and antón in online vale are a little bit
fools are worth those of gta since they do not know
or patching tricks and well let's
start with the tutorial the first thing that
we have to do is be in the mode
campaign vale I advise you to be with the
Shamrock like this you will not make any bad step
Okay, you see how I do it, well, a
Once we are with the clover we give
to the start, this is valid for all
the platforms and well we're going to
from there we repeat the mission
unearthing the past voucher is a
mission that is also going to northampton and
thanks to this mission that have been so
fools of not remembering and not patching what
that we can again do the trick
it's worth as you see it is there unearthing the
we give you the last ones
and it's there that we will give to
that yes and now we will have to do what
I'm doing it, it's very easy, it's very easy
I wanted to thank nexus for
help me make this video and for
tell me that it still worked at the wheel
Anton is in this way that he has
explained him and well I thank you
this is your channel in the description vale
happen to you that has a spectacular channel
once we're around here, we'll have
to go to the airfield I'm going to cut it
to make the video more short and
good when we are already close as
You see, we must go right here and there
there will be a plane worth then we
we ride the plane and it will tell us that we have
fly to antón wheel flew to
there and once we are in ferris wheel
Anton
we will have to tell our friend
it's worth in this case that I was with
nexus then invite me to links is worth
invite us to your session would be advisable
that he was in a session by
invitation so that nobody bothers nor
nothing is worth I advise that and good as
You see I'm flying for ferris wheel antón vale and
once we are here
will go to the letters and that's a good sign
when we are around here we have to
warn
partner to invite us
we send a message or something and good as
You see there already ludendorff comes out we cry
I do not know what I do not know how much and we will appear in
the cemetery when we are in the
cemetery it's time that our
partner invite us we can give it is
so that they do not kill us and we can
send you a message or if we are by
skype like us or on the part of
xbox and so on
as you will see me now I was invited
I will give to be and I will accept the invitation and
we already when we are there we can
fly with a plane to city ferris wheel Anton
what happens that it will be time for our
partner if you want to come with us
do the same procedure it's worth and what
we invite you back to the session that
we were the people who have not gone to the
cries before is worth in the online
I recommend that you go because this
patch to very fast and I think not
we can go again to be worth and good a
Once we are in the session of the
friend the only thing we have to do is
catch a plane ok we can kill
weather and steal the helicopter as
I do and it will only be to fly where
it's the city, you'll see it more
forwards I put the location and
it is already worth
tell you again that you have the channel
nexus in the description if we get to
thousand likes in this video I would appreciate it
very much since it is a trick it is worth
I said it works on 108 and well if
you have any doubt tell me in the
comments if you liked the video
tell me also comment what do you think
subscribe if you are not subscribed and we
we see in the following video I leave you
peking that has not yet risen but the
will rise soon until the next
radio video
do not
I had no minute with record scholarship
in the street I did not learn to rape
I was fighting and that of the blows that
I can stand in my house I learned to
respect and know what I have to do
to shut up is nothing else I did not learn to
study and I started smoking has none
from my friends the peoples blame themselves
behind a bus whenever a class
that when you come, I just got
kill I know that when I go to bed you have
that early morning I know that with a couple of texts
I can make you dizzy with these manifestos
I like to impress that I do not like
spend the collections staples if you touch what
I make more and more girl look what I
I do it I see it normal I live of compliments
good are the truth I sweat it if you
Like I have a post at war
they know in evil or that my own city
I survive without a payment if you want me
imitate I will not deny it anymore or less
of my state but I will not talk
about my mental state I am an antisocial
Unfriendly without a minute
game can already mess it up I nailed it in
all sides and I did not like it calls the
attention but I make a theme for each
track